c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MapEditor.exe
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MapEditor.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.exe
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Bottom.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\BottomLeft.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\BottomRight.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Top.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\TopLeft.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\TopRight.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LunchdoubleSo.spritefont
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\lunchds.ttf
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LunchdoubleSo.xnb
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Left.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Right.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.exe
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Bottom.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\BottomLeft.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\BottomRight.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Left.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Right.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Top.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\TopLeft.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\TopRight.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\lunchds.ttf
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LunchdoubleSo.spritefont
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Configuration\SpriteSheetConfiguration.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SpriteSheet\Test.png
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LunchdoubleSo.xnb
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MapEditor.exe
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MapEditor.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MapEditor.exe.config
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Bottom.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\BottomLeft.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\BottomRight.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Left.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Right.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\Top.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\TopLeft.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Button\TopRight.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\lunchds.ttf
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LunchdoubleSo.spritefont
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Configuration\SpriteSheetConfiguration.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SpriteSheet\Test.png
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LunchdoubleSo.xnb
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MapEditor.exe
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MapEditor.pdb
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.exe
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.pdb
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Amartin\Desktop\GameDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Desktop\GamesDevelopment\LunarIllusions\MapEditor\bin\Windows\Debug\MapEditor.exe.config
